---
layout: page
title: "Don Fernandes Resume"
permalink: /resume/
---


**About Me**

Leverage extensive business, technical, and operational leadership
expertise to achieve strategic company goals by providing IT management,
guidance, and mentorship to technical departments including network,
infra, desktop, helpdesk, and support teams.

Interface at multiple org levels, (C-level, VP, Director, etc.), to
gather business requirements and subsequently design, provision, and
support scalable, affordable, and if necessary, complex IT solutions.

A proven track record of meeting or exceeding project requirements while
working within the boundaries of established budget, policy, and
procedural guidelines.

Current and/or recent clients retaining my IT services:

-   IAC -- A global holding company comprised of category leading
    businesses including Angi Inc, Care.com, and Dotdash Meredith

-   IWG -- The world's number one workspace provider operating under a
    variety of global brands including Regus, Spaces, and The Clubhouse

-   La Jolla Pharmaceutical -- Specializes in the commercialization of
    innovative therapies that improve outcomes in patients suffering
    from life-threatening diseases

-   Breakthrough Greater Boston - Founded by Angela Duckworth, a
    MacArthur Genius Award winner, BTGB prepares low-income students for
    college success and building the next generation of urban teachers
    using a unique Teaching Fellow model

**Employment History**

**Founder - Owner**

CBC Technologies LLC

2008 -- Present • 14 Years

Design and implement cloud workflows leveraging Microsoft 365, Google
Workspace, and AWS platforms; provide Azure and Azure Active Directory
service integrations; plan and manage lift and shifts from on-premise to
AWS and Azure cloud services; implement and monitor EDR solutions from
CrowdStrike, Bitdefender Gravity Zone, etc.; design and implement zero
trust architectures, (ZTNA).

Plan, direct and implement endpoint management solutions using tools
from JAMF, Microsoft MEM/Intune, N-Able, Atera, and PDQ. Securely
monitor, manage, and support thousands of global endpoints and users.\
\
Design, implement, support LAN/WAN networks as well as physical and
virtual server, storage and desktop architectures leveraging solutions
from Apple, Google, Microsoft, Dell, Lenovo, HP, etc.\
\
Design, develop, build, and implement custom programming, automation and
reporting solutions leveraging development platforms including \'R\',
Shell, PowerShell, Power BI, etc.

**Senior Technology Architect**

JJ Wild Inc - Perot Medical Systems

2006 - 2007 • 2 Years

IT enterprise architect providing healthcare EMR/EHR design and
implementation solutions for New England and Mid-Atlantic based
hospitals and healthcare organizations.

**Senior Enterprise Architect**

Dell, Inc

2001 - 2005 • 5 Years

IT enterprise architect providing design and implementation solutions to
New England based Higher Ed and Healthcare organizations including
Harvard, Yale, MIT, Lincoln Labs, Boston University, and Partners
Healthcare, (Mass General, Brigham, Dana Farber, etc.)

**Manager Customer Service and Support**

VST Technologies, Inc.

1999 - 2000 • 2 Years

Build, manage, and train client facing customer service, support, and
help desk departments. Interface with Engineering and Sales teams to
improve product resiliency, reduce MTBF, and properly position product
capabilities.

**Vice-President Technical Operations**

2d Interactive, Inc.

1997 - 1998 • 2 Years

Management and oversight of a nationally distributed network of
computer-based advertising kiosks located in college campus bookstores,
(primarily Follett or Barnes & Noble). Responsible for product
procurement, manufacturing, delivery, implementation, and support to
achieve high availability while gathering, organizing, and managing
kiosk data collection efforts to support advertising clients. Manage a
national network of service provider organizations to support kiosk
uptime. Along with the CEO and COO participate in high level capital
investment funding events to potential individual and institutional
investors.

**Senior Technical Trainer**

Apple, Inc.

1989 - 1996 • 7 Years

Provide technical support and training services to Fortune 500 companies
including DEC, Raytheon, Kodak, Computer Land, Dartmouth College, etc.
Design, plan and build, train-the-trainer programs for DEC and Kodak.
Lead and participate in training tour events encompassing the top 50
cities nationwide to provide training and certification services to a
network of Apple retail and corporate clients.

**References**

After opportunities are identified and qualified, references may be
supplied on request. In the interim, please review my LinkedIn profile
<https://www.linkedin.com/in/donfernandes/> and company website
<https://www.cbctech.net>
