---
layout: page
title: "Resume"
permalink: /resume/
---

**About**

Leverage extensive business, technical, and operational expertise to
achieve strategic company goals by providing technology leadership,
management, and mentorship to technical departments including network,
infra, desktop, helpdesk, and support teams.

Interface at multiple org levels, (C-level, VP, Director, etc.), to
enumerate business requirements and subsequently design, provision, and
support scalable, affordable, and if necessary, complex IT solutions.

A proven track record of meeting or exceeding project requirements while
working within the boundaries of established budget, policy, and
procedural guidelines.

A successful small business owner, (A+ Better Business Bureau rating),
and respected community leader engaged in a variety of local community
activities and causes.

Recent client engagements, (2021-2022):

-   [IAC](https://www.iac.com/)

    -   Globally scoped endpoint migration from Active Directory to
        Azure AD

    -   Global scoped endpoint Microsoft LAPS rollout

    -   Globally scoped endpoint Microsoft Autopilot rollout

    -   Globally scoped endpoint Crowdstrike rollout

    -   Globally scoped VoIP rollout

    -   Microsoft SCCM to MEM/Intune conversion for newly acquired
        company

    -   Tenant-to-Tenant Microsoft 365 migration from GCC to Commercial

    -   Custom development of automated reporting and analytic tools

-   [IWG](https://www.iwgplc.com/en-gb)

    -   Nationally scoped launch of JAMF management tools for MacOS and
        iOS devices

    -   Nationally scoped launch of Google Workspace and Datto Backupify

    -   Nationally scoped launch of Meraki Wide-Area-Network

    -   Custom development of automated reporting and analytic tools

-   [La Jolla Pharmaceutical](https://www.lajollapharmaceutical.com/)

    -   Nationally scoped Microsoft MEM/Intune rollout

    -   On-premises to AWS datacenter 'lift and shift' cloud migration

    -   Disaster recovery endpoint and infrastructure rollout

    -   Custom development of automated reporting and analytic tools

-   [Breakthrough Greater Boston](http://breakthroughgreaterboston.org/)

    -   On-premises datacenter design and buildout

    -   Multiple Zoom Room buildouts

    -   End user platform migration from MacOS to Microsoft Windows

    -   Google Workspace MDM management rollout

    -   Investigate and lead multiple digital forensics and incident
        response cases

    -   Custom development of automated reporting and analytic tools

-   [HSA Insurance](https://hsainsurance.com/Home.aspx)

    -   Design and co-manage next generation call and contact center
        rollout

    -   Design and develop call center analytics program

    -   Subject matter expert on bids and contracts for state of New
        Mexico

    -   SD-WAN rollout across 4 sites in MA and RI

**Profiles**

<https://dfernandes25.github.io/>

https://www.linkedin.com/in/donfernandes/

**Employment History**

**Founder - Owner**

CBC Technologies LLC

2008 -- Present • 14 Years

Design and implement cloud workflows leveraging Microsoft 365, Google
Workspace, and AWS platforms; provide Azure and Azure Active Directory
service integrations; plan and manage lift and shifts from on-premise to
AWS and Azure cloud services; implement and monitor EDR solutions from
CrowdStrike, Bitdefender Gravity Zone, etc.; design and implement zero
trust architectures, (ZTNA).

Plan, direct and implement endpoint management solutions using tools
from JAMF, Microsoft MEM/Intune, N-Able, Atera, and PDQ. Securely
monitor, manage, and support thousands of global endpoints and users.\
\
Design, implement, support LAN/WAN networks as well as physical and
virtual server, storage and desktop architectures leveraging solutions
from Apple, Google, Microsoft, Dell, Lenovo, HP, etc.\
\
Design, develop, build, and implement custom programming, automation and
reporting solutions leveraging development platforms including \'R\',
Shell, PowerShell, Power BI, etc.

**Senior Technology Architect**

JJ Wild Inc - Perot Medical Systems

2006 - 2007 • 2 Years

IT enterprise architect providing healthcare EMR/EHR design and
implementation solutions for New England and Mid-Atlantic based
hospitals and healthcare organizations.

**Senior Enterprise Architect**

Dell, Inc

2001 - 2005 • 5 Years

IT enterprise architect providing design and implementation solutions to
New England based Higher Ed and Healthcare organizations including
Harvard, Yale, MIT, Lincoln Labs, Boston University, and Partners
Healthcare, (Mass General, Brigham, Dana Farber, etc.)

**Manager Customer Service and Support**

VST Technologies, Inc.

1999 - 2000 • 2 Years

Build, manage, and train client facing customer service, support, and
help desk departments. Interface with Engineering and Sales teams to
improve product resiliency, reduce MTBF, and properly position product
capabilities.

**Vice-President Technical Operations**

2d Interactive, Inc.

1997 - 1998 • 2 Years

Management and oversight of a nationally distributed network of
computer-based advertising kiosks located in college campus bookstores,
(primarily Follett or Barnes & Noble). Responsible for product
procurement, manufacturing, delivery, implementation, and support to
achieve high availability while gathering, organizing, and managing
kiosk data collection efforts to support advertising clients. Manage a
national network of service provider organizations to support kiosk
uptime. Along with the CEO and COO participate in high level capital
investment funding events to potential individual and institutional
investors.

**Senior Technical Trainer**

Apple, Inc.

1989 - 1996 • 7 Years

Provide technical support and training services to Fortune 500 companies
including DEC, Raytheon, Kodak, Computer Land, Dartmouth College, etc.
Design, plan and build, train-the-trainer programs for DEC and Kodak.
Lead and participate in training tour events encompassing the top 50
cities nationwide to provide training and certification services to a
network of Apple retail and corporate clients.
