
Welcome to my GitHub page. It's always a work in progress, please be patient! 

#### Brief Bio ####  

I'm an experienced IT professional, successful small business owner, and an active member of our community.
My primary professional interests, expertise, and skillsets are the design, implementation, and support of
affordable, scalable, reliable IT solutions for SMB and Enterprise organizations. I also possess extensive
expertise in building and managing technical and customer support teams.  

I've worked for and with companies across multiple vertical industries including Higher Education, 
Pharmaceuticals, Insurance, Professional Services, Healthcare, and Legal professions. I'm actively seeking remote projects
on an hourly and/or fixed cost schedule. And yes, I have a proven and demonstrable track record of meeting and
exceeding project requirements; on-time and on-budget!

Personally, I've been married for 32 years to my best friend and partner. We have two grown children who've
established themselves in professional careers of their own. We also have three cats, and if there is such a thing
as reincarnation, I want to come back as one of them!  

In past lives, I've been a US Navy submarine reactor operator, an enterprise systems architect, a senior technical trainer, 
a customer service manager, a technical support manager, a high school teacher, a high school basketball official,
a high school baseball umpire, and a bartender.  

Feel free to check back often, I'm updating the site with different content and features, primarily
driven by what technologies have caught my attention!  










